hey hey so uh did everything go okay
with the annulment oh yeah no problems
it's all taken care of
oh hey do you guys wanna go see a movie
oh yeah why not I'm gonna get my sweater
okay you want you want to hear something
weird
always I didn't get the annulment what
we're still married
don't tell Rachel see you later they do
leave go oh wait wait hi listen Ross can
I just talk to you for just a second Oh
Phoebe we're gonna be late for the movie
oh there's a cab
there you go there you're at Berkshire
just gonna walk as a try to third the
Angelika
you didn't get the annulment I know
raus well I try but when I got to my
lawyer's office all I could hear was
three divorces three divorces look I
just don't want my tombstone to read
Ross Geller three divorces I'm worried
about that your tombstone can say
whatever you wanted to say it can save
Ross Geller good at marriage mine's
gonna say Phoebe Buffay buried alive all
I know is I can't have another failed
marriage so okay but you're gonna be
married to a girl who doesn't even know
about it
Oh woman sorry okay so I don't have it
all worked out quite yet just don't
don't say anything to Rachel please
Rachel is one of my closest friends I'll
don't being the only one that knows
about this does make me feel special
okay
Phoebe hey rich what's that sorry
mix-up
hey how was the movie I haven't seen it
yet then you better hurry